NAME DROPPN

Lyrics:

VS1
I woke up in the morning, hungry threw some GRITS on
the SKILLIT, ate JOHN RUBEN?S sandwich with ROD?s
PARSLEY and cream spinach, got AUDIO ADRENALIN up in
my veins eating BILLY GRAHAM crackers while REBECCA?s
reading ST. JAMES, I can only imagine all his love and
MERCEY on ME, when he died on the cross, rose and threw
my sins in the sea, open my bible, turn to genesis
started reading told YOLANDA how ADAMS sin got him
kicked OUT OF EDEN, Then went to JEREMY?S CAMP on the
3RD DAY of the week and met this SUPERCHICK that I had
been dying to meet, she wore a WHITECROSS and spoke
with a DC TAlK accent lived in BUILDING 429 right next
to JACI VELASQUEZ, Was from the OC with SUPERTONE body,
she said she stayed in shape cuz it was her temple and
GOD?S PROPERTY, my phone rang, and I had been waiting
on CAIDMENS CALL I asked HEZIKIAH to WALKER to the
HILLSONG mall.

Chorus
Weather you like hip-hop, punk rock or classic? It
really don?t matter
Turn this up in ya car stereo and blast it? Turn it
up, now turn it up, 
We don?t quit, and a, we don?t stop, Can?t stop
singing till we reach top so throw ya hands in the air
let your head start bopping, I?m about to do some name
dropping.

VS2
I flew KIRK to FRANKLIN for a BIG TENT REVIVAL, then
gave CREFLO a DOLLER so he?d let me borrow his bible,
GREY VOLZ shared on the 2ND CHAPTER OF ACTS, then I
looked up and seen this kid TOBY the MAC, he was a,
street kid with no CODE OF ETHICS so I took him to
FRED?S HAMMOND eggs spot for breakfast, he ordered
T-BONE and steak and yo my stomach was growling I was
starving but went ahead and got the SHIRLEY CEASAR
salad, that?s when RAY BOLTZ straight through the
door, trying to sell me some JARS OF CLAY he got from
el SALVADOR, I couldn?t afford it if you know what I
mean, so I picked up the phone called the REV. AL for
some GREEN, he gave AMY?S GRANT money, she had for a
home and told me pray 4 HIM cuz they owed some money
to 12 STONES, I called STEVEN CURTIS and I asked him
to prey, like I do EVERY SUNDAY with RACHAEL LAMPA and
RELIANT K.

VS3
SMITTY asked me to TAKE 6 of his friends to STEVE?s
TAYLOR, to get a EARTHSUIT, PLUS ONE for BILL GAITHER,
jumped in my CARMAN heading toward EAST WEST and
SWITCHFOOTs on the gas so my tires would KUTLESS,
that?s when I seen GEOFF MOORE in THE DISTANCE but
these KIDS IN THE WAY kept blocking my vision, jumped
on the GRAMMATRAIN, then right OUT OF THE GREY I saw
BRYAN DUNCAN his donuts at the PETRA caf√©, I couldn?t
believe it starting feeling DELIRIOUS, but had to
spread the good NEWSBOYS to those curious, there were
10 of them some, really arrogant told TWILA PARIS and
NICOLE just NORDAMEN, They can?t touch this Gospel
sound, so bow down to the king and start CASTING
CROWNS, he?s the, king of kings and lord of lords play
this on your i P.O.D. to learn more, about all of his
pain when he took your place on the cross that?s the
very first POINT OF GRACE, and I really can?t wait
until I see his face with KIETH GREEN and RICH MULLINS
at the pearly gates.

.
