THE RED BASKET CLUB

And I saw a angel coming down from heaven having the
key to the abyss and holding in his hand a great chain
he seized the dragon that ancient serpent who is the
devil or satan and bound him for a thousand years) as
i looked up i saw the sky seams open up and angels
behind that which i could vaguely see was my God
screaming I have the key so follow me o' my God come
storming like fire o' my God will come to devour and i
saw these angels flooding from the sky saw it all and
does this taste as well as you thought it would you
old serpent aww son were chasing the devil with
thousands of angels I'm wearing the armor of my mighty
God "we gather today in the name of JESUS CHRIST"
we'll throw him into the abyss and lock hell shut and
now its cleaver to see your destruction marry you
heres comes your glory here comes your bride did your
plans work out like you thought they would i hear
Gabriel's trumpet sounding off wasn't that your job
we'll throw him into the abyss and lock hell shut
hallelujah we'll toss him into the lake and lake and
lock hell shut we'll toss him into the fire and watch
flames rise,
