DIE

Money ain't never been nothing, I hit the block if this shit get ugly and it 
ain't never been in my heart to let niggas thug me hit the dealer and cop a 
drop if the eyes is buggy and pull up in front of the spot cause the mommies 
love me it's gangsta yeah and ain't no nigga gone match me stocky chubby nigga 
voice real raspy I see uou real flashy but that ain't gone last nigga pop fire 
off shots and that's your ass nigga it's war now that's why I keep the four 
with long nozzle 600 bad bitch on it holding down the throttle and fuck that 
beef shit cause some beef won't die and some niggas will say they gangsta but 
they won't rise so why it's hard for you to decide I'll let it fly 40 shots hit 
your ride up hit the tropics and hide up under palm trees to white sand 
everything is a price man you snipe when bullets are piping hot when it's your 
flesh it begin warming you nw die motherfucker die! Cause I'm tired of warning 
you!



Yeah we hear now-Die motherfucker-don't get scared now die-motherfucker Black 
Child I'm off parole it's Murder now in a hood near you about to burn it down 
word to God it feels like I'm from every hood cause when you ghetto your ghetto 
with gats you good sell cracks if you could bust your gat when you should it's 
for my blacks from the bricks back to Inglewood we eat together nigga fuck the 
crossroads in this world my flow is another lost soul my shit sounds like shots 
from a 4 pound for these bitch clowns it's war now it's all about paper that's 
my issue fuck peace you can have a piece of the pistol.



Chorus (2x)

Everybody gone die but nobody want dead (Die motherfucker die) It's your life 
Everybody wanna live but they wanna live scared (Die motherfucker Die) That's 
your life 





Niggas know the truth Rule raises the roof cause I pop more shots than Abdul 
Rauf and when the concludes I bring closure to the situ come thru squeeze 8 out 
the stolen black pinto niggas know my mental kill or be killed head for the 
hills but don't never slide down it if you to high ground it (puff, puff) uhhh! 
Is how it sounded 2 shots thru and silent and 1 nigga stripped of his talent 
new fucking Yiddy City the sex and violence where first time offenders get 
floated to the island and one time give a nigga one time breathe wrong and a 
nigga have a blown mind I blow lines like an addict bust guns erratic shine 
blind like carats rules above average me and this music make a marriage so I 

