RAMSON

I go by the name of young chris breezy it's hard to
see
me cause I'm fly as a plane and my swaggers in 3D
I do this in my sleep in otherwords it's really easy
new album coming soon and I'm calling it graffiti
they're
yellin calm down chris please take it easy...

I am taking it easy but they do not believe me is it
cause
I'm getting this cash money like weezy riding in my
lambo
listenin to jeezy I got a Spanish chicka all she wanna
do is
please me and shorty got her face right above where my
knees
be super freaky and I call her flavor of love cause
she willin
to do anything just to be on the tv hot as ever and
that's
something ya'll should know told you I wasn't playin
so in
I go have you ever seen me and rock citys live show
all
I gotta say is P-T-F-A-O

But enough about them now it's back to me
I'm on my ground everyday cause I gots to be I'm on
another level hommie and it's sad to see that I'm
killin it and
I ain't even a rapper b va where it all goes down the
home of clipse missy trey songz and your boy chris
brown
I gotta represent hommie for my hometown if you ain't
know
before nigga now you know now

While I'm at it let me wave a virgin islands flag
cause if
I don't rock citys gon get mad I'm so fly that even
when
I'm not on a airplane hommie I be still getting
jetlag

That's just a little verse man I'm just havin fun but
I brought me hommies all the way from the virgin
islands
WHAT DEM SAY we goin in let's go

Fresh of the leash fresh off the streets st Thomas so
I guess you can say I'm fresh off the beach if it's 5
best rappers baby let's all compete and if you ain't
spittin crack step the hell off the beat whatevers
your
favorite song most likely we wrote it if you hate me
you
love me to and you ain't even know it my brother in
the
back yellin please don't do it

Chris brown killed it so I'm a bout to blow it I'm a
serial
killer microphoned guerilla 2010 thrilla can't nobody
do it
illa I got a new name that you can call me instead of
don't
talk just refer to me as one hell of a nigga who you
know
do it bigger than me and chris brizzle the flow so
cold like
the mic is a popscicle when I'm done you gon have to
put
the mic in the hospital and I ain't even killed it
okay maybe
a little
