FIRST KISS

Will I close my eyes or will I hold my breath? Or will I wanna cry? Will our 
souls connect? I've been thinkin' about it when I go to bed. At night I wonder, 
wonder...Will you hold my hand or will you speak aloud? Will the stars be 
shinin' in the sky above? Will it be what I've been dreamin' of for so long? 
Holding on...

*Corus** Our first kiss won't be the last, our love's too deep to end that 
fast. And good things come to those who have to wait. I believe it's only time 
that keeps us from the things we find. And when it's here you know I'm going to 
say, 'Lay it on my lips.'

Will it taste like candy? Will it be that sweet? Will our hearts be beating in 
a heavenly beat? Will the moment sweep me off my feet? And charm me under, 
under. Will I tremble, tremble when I beg for more? Will it be like anything 
I've ever felt before? On thing I know for sure...

Will I close my eyes or will I hold my breath? Or will I wanna cry? Will our 
souls connect? I've been thinkin' about it when I go to bed. At night I wonder, 
wonder...Will you hold my hand or will you speak aloud? Will the stars be 
shinin' in the sky above? Will it be what I've been dreamin' of for so long? 
Holding on...

*Corus** Our first kiss won't be the last, our love's too deep to end that 
fast. And good things come to those who have to wait. I believe it's only time 
that keeps us from the things we find. And when it's here you know I'm going to 
say, 'Lay it on my lips.'

*Corus** Our first kiss won't be the last, our love's too deep to end that 
fast. And good things come to those who have to wait. I believe it's only time 
that keeps us from the things we find. And when it's here you know I'm going to 
say, 'Lay it on my lips.'

I can picture it all inside my head, just how it's going to be. But a girl can 
only dream so much, but now she wants to make it real, make it real.

*Corus** Our first kiss won't be the last, our love's too deep to end that 
fast. And good things come to those who have to wait. I believe it's only time 
that keeps us from the things we find. And when it's here you know I'm going to 
say, 'Lay it on my lips.'

*Corus** Our first kiss won't be the last, our love's too deep to end that 
fast. And good things come to those who have to wait. I believe it's only time 
that keeps us from the things we find. And when it's here you know I'm going to 
say, 'Lay it on my lips.'


